hi there you it's me Jimmy in my house
again which is now kind of our house but
don't come try to live in it
hey the NBA seems ready to get back to
work
yesterday the league proposed 113 pages
worth of safety rules and procedures for
the rest of a shortened season first of
all all the games will be played at
Disney World
which right off the bat seems like the
least safe place to be during a peter
pandemic but they do have many
precautions in place the players will be
housed together they'll quarantine ahead
of time and be tested every day players
will be discouraged from licking their
fingers and clearing their noses on the
court were they encouraged to do that
before this players will be required to
shower in their hotel rooms instead of
in the locker room and that I mean I
don't know if it's even worth playing
basketball if you can't cap the night
off by scrubbing up with the team loofah
and also no one will be allowed to touch
the ball during the game so I know that
sounds doable meanwhile our basketball
headed president is about to go back on
the road but first he's fending off
another round of tell-all books Trump is
said to be planning to file a lawsuit
against his niece Mary Trump over a
forthcoming memoir that reportedly does
not paint Uncle Doni in a positive light
this is the book it's called too much
and never enough how my family created
the world's most dangerous man which is
longer than the original title which was
my uncle as a dick Trump claims his
nieces book would violate the terms of a
nondisclosure agreement he had her sign
in 2001 imagine having an NDA with your
niece that's really all you need to know
about someone the other book he would
very much like to keep from coming out
and it's taking legal action to do so is
from a member of his inner circle former
national security adviser John Bolton we
got a few McNuggets from that today and
among many unbelievable claims in the
book Bolton writes that Trump said
journalists should be executed he didn't
know Britain was a nuclear power he
asked if Finland was part of Russia he
begged the Chinese to help him with the
election and has a penis that looks like
a mushroom wait I may have picked that
up
stormy Daniels his book but could you
imagine the president asking his
advisors if Finland is part of Russia
he's the president of the United States
this is like your mechanic asking if the
muffler is part of the glove compartment
meanwhile remember what Trump was
pushing this hydroxychloroquine as the
coronavirus miracle drug well the FDA
this week officially withdrew their
support for it and now the government is
stuck with 66 million uses useless doses
so I guess we know what the Trump's will
be giving trick-or-treaters for
Halloween for the next 30 years cases
that the virus are on the rise in more
than 20 states but most everything is
opening anyway restaurants are now
allowed to open here in Los Angeles but
because of safety measures many of them
will be half-empty
so some restaurants have been using
mannequins to fill empty seats which is
very weird and also raises an important
question which is where in the world do
you buy a mannequin attention restaurant
owners looking for mannequins to place
at your social distance buffer tables
but don't want to pay an arm and a leg
come and get them at Big Al's House of
gently exploded mannequins we have lots
of plastic people there's headless Harry
Lefty the bing-bang twins
okay Joe the sparkle sisters one-eyed
Willie and Jared Kushner your customers
will never know the difference
so don't be a dummy get over to Big Al's
house have gently exploded mannequins
located on the corner of McCluskey and
burdock right behind the Dairy Queen
curbside pickup available yeah Big Al is
the best this is wonderful in Ventura
California there's about 90 minutes up
to 101 the City Council voted to require
that masks be worn inside businesses and
government offices and the result of
that vote was this I protest face
coverings I am a healthy American used
to be free I am NOT a terrorist I am NOT
antifa
I am NOT a sex slave that wears masks I
am NOT into sadomasochism and bondage
that's too bad you almost checked all
the boxes off my list so if you're not
those things then what are you I am a
proud Trump Republican troop Republican
yearning to be free again she's yearning
she's yearning to be free again to go to
Margaritaville shame on all of you
let Liberty ring god bless america
land
oh wait a bit don't stop there you got
to finish the song from the oceans to
the prairies to the mountains white with
four mountains white with foam
I think the foam is coming out of her
mouth meanwhile the president is holding
a rally this weekend in Tulsa and folks
like her are already lining up I'm here
with Mike boatman and he is from
Evansville Indiana and right now you're
the fourth person in line right yes I'm
the fourth and what when did you get
here I got here 28 hours ago awesome and
why did you want to come out here to
Tulsa this weekend I want to hear the
president Trump speak well he does for
our country for every one of us is
nothing for me be out here six days
early well thank you for your sacrifice
the bait shops loss is America's gain
this country is an absolute mess but
change is happening a number of big
companies have begun to rethink the
messages that some of their products may
send PepsiCo announced today they're
changing the name and logo for Aunt
Jemima because they recognize that Aunt
Jemima origins are based on a racial
stereotype the new name will be mrs.
Jemima syrup that she has willingly
volunteered to share Uncle Ben's is also
planning to make change to their rice
boxes going forward the original Uncle
Ben will be replaced by Uncle Ben from
spider-man with great power comes great
responsibility I'm sorry I'm sure the
gang at Fox News will have no problem
with these changes whatsoever I actually
have a good idea for a new Aunt Jemima
if they're looking for an aunt my aunt
chippy would be great this could be the
first pancake syrup that smokes
cigarettes my age hippie doesn't
sugarcoat anything even pancakes she
barely even brushes her teeth but she
gives great advice which is something
many of our viewers need so tonight she
is advising again with a new edition of
deer and chippy
hi this is ancient from quarantine
answering your questions dear and chippy
I had to cancel my wedding this summer
ah now my fiance is pressuring me to do
it I read that you weren't a virgin when
you got married that's me do you have
any tips for me to satisfy my future
husband divorce him now don't even wait
for the wedding
divorce oh you don't need them you can
live fine without him
[Music]
well she's nothing if not a romantic